hey guys is plainy and today I'm going
to share with you how to make chocolate
shake three different ways so let's
begin the first shake I'm going to share
with you is how to make a double
chocolate fudge shake so the base
ingredient is milk and chocolate ice
cream after that we're just going to add
the rest of the ingredients that are
needed so for this recipe we're just
going to add the chocolate ice cream the
milk and the chocolate fudge and then
you're going to blend it up and then
pour it into your jar and that's it next
we're going to make a chocolate
cheesecake shake so with your base add
the milk and the chocolate ice cream and
then add some cream cheese you're going
to blend it up and pour into your jar
and so I topped off the shake with some
cheesecake that I had saved from a
previous recipe and yes
it definitely tastes like a cheesecake
and the last shake I'm sharing with you
is the cookie dough shake and all you
have to do is put your base in the
blender which is chocolate ice cream and
milk
and then your cookie-dough if you don't
have a recipe for cookie dough I do have
mine and I will link that in the
description box and then you're just
going to blend it up pour it into your
jar cup and then top it off with some
cookie dough now want the cookie dough
stuck to the bottom because it was heavy
so it was really nice to have those
chunks in there when you drink it up
don't you love these recipes these are
just so easy especially if you are in a
time crunch you can make this in under
five minutes so what would the third
ingredient you would put in in these
shakes let me know in the comments thank
you guys so much for watching if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up
this helps spread the message to other
people who want to learn how to bake and
just so you know I upload two videos a
week on Mondays I upload all about
cookies and Fridays its desserts galore
so be sure to subscribe to my channel
and I will see you next time